In this video,
we look at how you can make your subroutines and functions more flexible by defining
arguments or parameters.
Arguments enable you to have the same function,
perform slightly differently based on the values which are passed during the function,
call or subroutine goal.
If we look at the subroutine calls that we've done so far,
for example,
this one which creates a document.
However many times we call that subroutine,
it's always going to do the same thing.
It was always insert a title with that specific piece of text simply by defining an
argument for this subroutine.
We can have the same subroutine create a new document but place a different title inside it
each time.
In a similar way,
this subroutine,
when called,
will always create a table,
which has exactly two rows and five columns.
If we define two parameters to control the number of rows and the number of columns,
we can call the same sub routine but end up with a different table each time.
Let's look at how this works.
To save some time with copy this subroutine on dysfunction,
just paste it below the originals and then rename.
So this will be three,
a three Day and three Bay and the element which we want to replace with an argument,
is this title to define an argument and arguments are also known as parameters.
Inside the parentheses which followed the name of the function or subroutine.
You specify the name of your parameter all argument,
and we can use the same name in conventions that we've been using for variables,
which is essentially what arguments are.
So this is obviously text str title as string,
so it's exactly the same as declaring a variable with the exception that we don't use.
The keyword did.
And of course,
this text is then replaced by str title.
Now,
when we call the function,
we can specify.
In fact,
we must specify a string value which will end up inside this parameter or variable.
So in parentheses we just paste in the title that we had before so you can see how this
process works.
If we needed to create several new documents,
we could use this syntax repeatedly but enter a different title each time within the
parentheses.
Let's do the same for the creation of the table,
so that's copy the subroutine that creates the table,
which is here.
I just rename that three.
So the premises we want,
ah,
to replace that's fixed into a flat fixed in Georgia.
So we'll call them in rows presented a and coals as Introgen.
And then,
of course,
here we is intros on Dhere offend coals.
So I'll just copy the name of the function,
or rather,
subroutine.
And then here we can place came and paste,
then in parentheses.
After the name of the subroutine,
you'll see that the program is actually prompting us to enter in Crosas,
Inter Gia and in coals as indigenous.
So we have to comma and four.
And let's just test that we get the same results as before.
So let's save our changes and then run out macro.
So here we can see one of the dangers of using copy and paste.
You always have to remember to make the necessary changes to what you paste.
And,
of course,
what we've done here is we've left the old name so on returning a value,
we've used the wrong name,
so we just need Teoh reset and modify the name accordingly.
That's run again.
We can see that we get our new documents with the title on the table.
So with a small amount of code that we have so far,
we're not saving a huge amount of time.
But this structure is very powerful because it means you can reuse the functions and the
subroutines that your macro needs and get slightly different results by creating parameters
to have the subroutine or function behave slightly differently,
performed slightly different actions,
so it makes your code even more reusable,
even more flexible.
Even more modular arguments,
also known as parameters variables used to make subroutine calls more flexible to define
arguments used this in tax argument.
Name one is data type one argument named to his data Type two etcetera in parentheses after
the name of the sub procedure.
When calling a subroutine or function with defined arguments,
a value of the appropriate data type must be supplied to reach arguments using this Intacs
cool procedure name argument value.
One comma argument valued two comma,
etcetera